5/2/24, 4:55 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
5/2/24, 8:04 AM - Ananya Edoofa created group "Allen EWYL23E0936"
5/2/24, 8:04 AM - Ananya Edoofa added you
6/2/24, 7:45 AM - Aditi Edoofa joined using this group's invite link
14/2/24, 6:57 PM - Aditi Edoofa: Hi,Allen Lawe.! 

Warm greetings from India! While we would like to believe you might be dreaming of visiting us soon, we couldn't wait any longer to meet you! That's why we're thrilled to announce the special, annual and exclusive Africa Meet & Greet 2024, where our Founder Mr Angad Singh along with Senior Counsellors, Admission Officers, EWYL Mentors and other members of Team Edoofa is flying all the way from India to Zimbabwe just to meet you! ✈😄

This exciting one-day event will be packed with valuable insights. You'll gain practical knowledge through seminars and sessions by industry experts, and be inspired by real-life experiences from your seniors who are already thriving in India thanks to Edoofa. Picture this: An amazing day filled with knowledge, connection, and the chance to meet the Edoofa team face-to-face! We would be delighted to welcome you and your family to this exclusive event. This is a great oppurtunity for you to educate yourself about the employment oppurtunities after graduation in the ever growing global market. You would also be able to get a sneak peak into the life on an Edoofian through the lens of your seniors🌍.
14/2/24, 6:57 PM - Aditi Edoofa: <Media omitted>
14/2/24, 6:57 PM - Aditi Edoofa: Reserve your spot now! Click on the link below to register and be a part of this unforgettable experience. We cannot wait to see you there with your parents!

Before you fill the form, please note

* Since you are an already enrolled student, please start the form by selecting YES
* You shall be required to fill in your Unique Passcode which is : E18006.
* Once the form has been filled, share a screenshot of your registration ID to me so that I can generate your Admit Card for the event!

Link:https://bit.ly/edoofa-registration-form
16/2/24, 12:07 PM - Aditi Edoofa: Good morning, Allen!
I can see you have not registered yet!🚨 The event is tomorrow, please share if you are facing any challenges in filling the form?
16/2/24, 6:58 PM - Aditi Edoofa: <Media omitted>
17/2/24, 9:04 AM - Aditi Edoofa: Good morning, Allen!
I hope this message finds you full of excitement and energy as the most awaited day of the event is here! Make sure you reach the venue on time so that you can make the most of the huge opportunity that you have in front of you today.🚀

Also, do not forget to share your experience and pictures of the event, once things are wrapped up there. All the best and have a blast there!👍🏻😃
20/2/24, 2:26 PM - Aditi Edoofa: Hello Allen!

The past three days flew by in a whirlwind for Team Edoofa – both for those in India and those in Harare for the Meet and Greet '24. Now that we've had a chance to catch our breath, I want to extend my sincere gratitude to you for being a part of the event and contributing to its success.

Your insights from the event are highly valued, and I'm keen to hear about your experience. Would you be open to sharing your thoughts, including your interest in attending similar events in the future and any suggestions for improvement? Additionally, if you have captured any memorable moments in photos, we would greatly appreciate you sharing them.

Your perspective is crucial, and I also encourage you to discuss the event with your parents and gather their feedback.
