12/1/24, 2:56 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
12/1/24, 2:56 PM - Sharda Edoofa created group "Sharon EWYL23E1155"
12/1/24, 2:56 PM - Sharda Edoofa added you
2/2/24, 4:53 PM - Rithvik Edoofa joined using this group's invite link
2/2/24, 4:53 PM - Rithvik Edoofa: Exclusive Invite to Edoofa's Mega Meet & Greet in Harare! 🌟
2/2/24, 4:54 PM - Rithvik Edoofa: Hi Sharon,

I'm Mr. Rithvik, HOD of the Department of Student Welfare at Edoofa. Exciting news – you're officially invited to our massive Meet and Greet Event in Harare this February!


As the countdown to your 🇮🇳 India journey ticks away, with just a quarter left (approximately 3 to 4 months! 😄) before you step into this new adventure, I understand that the chaos and preparations might be swirling around you. Let's navigate through this excitement together. Here is an amazing opportunity for you as our Founder & CEO Mr. Angad, along with the admission officers and counselors (whom you have only met virtually until now, exciting right?) are coming to Zimbabwe for an exclusive annual meet & greet!
2/2/24, 4:54 PM - Rithvik Edoofa: With more than 5000 people participating, an event of this magnitude has never happened in Zimbabwe before. This meet & greet is going to be truly unique that Harare has ever seen. We present to you a fantastic opportunity for you to ask questions, address your concerns/queries, fast-track your admission process, and gain clarity about your journey to India. This event is just the beginning of a magical journey, offering you a glimpse into your future brimming with opportunities that would consist of discussions on industrial academia, the scope of your chosen field of study, and following your higher education.
2/2/24, 4:54 PM - Rithvik Edoofa: I would strongly recommend bringing your parents and guardians with you to the event! In your journey of life, they are the most integral part and of course decision-makers in your entire course of education. As you are just one step away from starting your higher education, this event would provide you with an opportunity to witness the path that unfolds for you in the next three to five years here in India - an opportunity for them to actively be a part of your potential journey, gain a deeper understanding towards the entire program and witness the journey of your senior Edoofians!
2/2/24, 4:54 PM - Rithvik Edoofa: Get ready for this adventure, and I'm genuinely happy that you're going to be part of such a phenomenal event! ✨
We'd like to reserve your seats in advance. Could you please let us know how many people you'll be coming with? This will help us allocate the right slots for you.
