25/12/23, 7:05 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
14/12/22, 9:47 AM - Sharda Edoofa created group "Naomi EWYL22E0955"
25/12/23, 7:05 PM - Sharda Edoofa added you
27/12/23, 1:26 PM - Saloni Edoofa: Hello Naomi,
I hope this message finds you well.

As we approach the end of the year, I am filled with excitement about the upcoming new year. It's a time for optimism, hope, and the opportunity to nurture beautifully curated relationships. However, upon reflection on our journey so far, I recognize a bit of inconsistency and irregularity.

I understand that the holiday season, including Christmas celebrations and New Year enjoyment, may be keeping you occupied. Despite this, I believe it's important for us to consider how we can strengthen our relationship in the EWYL Program. I am eager to hear your thoughts on how we can restart and enhance our collaboration.
29/12/23, 3:25 PM - Saloni Edoofa: Greetings of the day,

You know when I was a student and till now, I make agendas on what I wish to achieve in life this year, and how I can transform it for the betterment of not just myself, but my family and the people around me. Honestly, some targets seemed achievable, but I always kept a few that made me thrive beyond my boundaries to achieve them.
I, as your wellwisher and companion, wish you that you also push yourself and make the most of the opportunities that are coming your way starting from the EWYL Program that offers you a chance to *stand on your own feet*. Next year, _we will be a few months away from our flight to India_✈️, and I want to see you living a journey till that time that is filled with *hard work and dedication*. I have personally curated this message from the bottom of my heart to wish you a very *Happy New Year, 2024* 🫶🏻
29/12/23, 3:25 PM - Saloni Edoofa: <Media omitted>
22/1/24, 7:31 PM - Sanjana Edoofa: Good Evening Naomi!
I hope this message finds you all in good health and high spirits as you continue your educational journey with Edoofa. I am thrilled to share some exciting news with you – we have scheduled a new and convenient session time for tomorrow!

🌟 New Session Time: 03:00 PM CAT

But here's the real highlight – tomorrow's session won't be our usual one. I have a special treat in store for you – I will be leading the session myself! Get ready for an engaging and insightful experience as I share valuable insights, guidance, and inspiration with all of you.
I can't wait to see you there, ready to learn and grow together. Let's make tomorrow's session an unforgettable experience! 🚀 <This message was edited>
23/1/24, 3:20 PM - Sanjana Edoofa: Good afternoon, Naomi, how are you doing today?
27/1/24, 8:07 PM - Saloni Edoofa: Good day!
I hope you're doing well.

I know from the past few days, that I could not respond but allow me to share a story very close to my heart🫰🏻

I became a part of Edoofa almost two years back with initial thoughts on how my relationship would be, will I be a good mentor, or will I be able to think like my students, and so on. With these thoughts, I began my journey. Honestly speaking, I learned a lot each day, and yes, made some mistakes but I did not know that now there is going something that I will cherish for my lifetime, our bond. In this journey so far, I have guided more than 500 students, and beyond guidance I have made sure that I can create a transformation in their lives🌟
27/1/24, 8:07 PM - Saloni Edoofa: As an individual, I always believe that the learning process is life never ends and the more you learn, the better the guidance becomes, with a heavy heart, *I've chosen to immerse myself in higher education, and as a result, I'll be taking a step back from being your mentor🥺*
*You have a special place in my heart, and I am profoundly thankful for the honor of being your mentor*. Our journey doesn't end here; it merely takes a different course. I have full confidence in your continued success.

*I want to assure you that the Mentorship team will reach out to you soon to discuss the upcoming plan and ensure a seamless transition.*
All the best🫶🏻
2/2/24, 4:37 PM - Rithvik Edoofa joined using this group's invite link
2/2/24, 4:37 PM - Rithvik Edoofa: Exclusive Invite to Edoofa's Mega Meet & Greet in Harare! 🌟
2/2/24, 4:37 PM - Rithvik Edoofa: Hi Naomi,

I'm Mr. Rithvik, HOD of the Department of Student Welfare at Edoofa. Exciting news – you're officially invited to our massive Meet and Greet Event in Harare this February!


As the countdown to your 🇮🇳 India journey ticks away, with just a quarter left (approximately 3 to 4 months! 😄) before you step into this new adventure, I understand that the chaos and preparations might be swirling around you. Let's navigate through this excitement together. Here is an amazing opportunity for you as our Founder & CEO Mr. Angad, along with the admission officers and counselors (whom you have only met virtually until now, exciting right?) are coming to Zimbabwe for an exclusive annual meet & greet!
2/2/24, 4:37 PM - Rithvik Edoofa: With more than 5000 people participating, an event of this magnitude has never happened in Zimbabwe before. This meet & greet is going to be truly unique that Harare has ever seen. We present to you a fantastic opportunity for you to ask questions, address your concerns/queries, fast-track your admission process, and gain clarity about your journey to India. This event is just the beginning of a magical journey, offering you a glimpse into your future brimming with opportunities that would consist of discussions on industrial academia, the scope of your chosen field of study, and following your higher education.
2/2/24, 4:37 PM - Rithvik Edoofa: I would strongly recommend bringing your parents and guardians with you to the event! In your journey of life, they are the most integral part and of course decision-makers in your entire course of education. As you are just one step away from starting your higher education, this event would provide you with an opportunity to witness the path that unfolds for you in the next three to five years here in India - an opportunity for them to actively be a part of your potential journey, gain a deeper understanding towards the entire program and witness the journey of your senior Edoofians!
2/2/24, 4:37 PM - Rithvik Edoofa: Get ready for this adventure, and I'm genuinely happy that you're going to be part of such a phenomenal event! ✨
We'd like to reserve your seats in advance. Could you please let us know how many people you'll be coming with? This will help us allocate the right slots for you.
2/2/24, 4:37 PM - Rithvik Edoofa: This message was deleted
