23/12/23, 1:14 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
23/2/23, 7:42 AM - Saloni Edoofa created group "Andy EWYL22E1271"
23/12/23, 1:14 PM - Saloni Edoofa added you
22/1/24, 7:24 PM - Sanjana Edoofa: Good Evening Andy!
I hope this message finds you all in good health and high spirits as you continue your educational journey with Edoofa. I am thrilled to share some exciting news with you – we have scheduled a new and convenient session time for tomorrow!

🌟 New Session Time: 01:30 PM CAT

But here's the real highlight – tomorrow's session won't be our usual one. I have a special treat in store for you – I will be leading the session myself! Get ready for an engaging and insightful experience as I share valuable insights, guidance, and inspiration with all of you.
I can't wait to see you there, ready to learn and grow together. Let's make tomorrow's session an unforgettable experience! 🚀
27/1/24, 7:51 AM - Saloni Edoofa: Good day!
I hope you're doing well.

I know from the past few days, that I could not respond but allow me to share a story very close to my heart🫰🏻

I became a part of Edoofa almost two years back with initial thoughts on how my relationship would be, will I be a good mentor, or will I be able to think like my students, and so on. With these thoughts, I began my journey. Honestly speaking, I learned a lot each day, and yes, made some mistakes but I did not know that now there is going something that I will cherish for my lifetime, our bond. In this journey so far, I have guided more than 500 students, and beyond guidance I have made sure that I can create a transformation in their lives🌟
27/1/24, 7:51 AM - Saloni Edoofa: As an individual, I always believe that the learning process is life never ends and the more you learn, the better the guidance becomes, with a heavy heart, *I've chosen to immerse myself in higher education, and as a result, I'll be taking a step back from being your mentor🥺*
*You have a special place in my heart, and I am profoundly thankful for the honor of being your mentor*. Our journey doesn't end here; it merely takes a different course. I have full confidence in your continued success.

*I want to assure you that the Mentorship team will reach out to you soon to discuss the upcoming plan and ensure a seamless transition.*
All the best🫶🏻
27/1/24, 8:10 AM - +263 77 314 6471: Thank you Ms Saloni . I am grateful
2/2/24, 9:10 AM - Saloni Edoofa: Good Morning, Andy, 

This is a message from the Edoofa Academic Board. We understand that circumstances led you to delay your higher education journey as of last year, after taking a significant step towards building your future through us and I am sure that you must have been in touch with our Admissions team to figure out the best available solutions for you. Since then, Edoofa has been on a journey of innovation, creating new opportunities of learning and growth for students like you!

While I was going through your conversation, It reminded me of how I started my education journey full of questions and aspirations, and therefore I wanted to check in and have a conversation about how are you doing currently. 

May I know how are you planning to move your journey ahead?
2/2/24, 9:17 AM - +263 77 314 6471: Hello Ms Saloni . Thank you for checking up on me . I am well . In as much as i loved doing my higher education in India it's unfortunate it will just be a far fetched dream my mom can not afford it and pushing her too much will not be fair of me to her
