23/12/23, 1:13 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
22/8/22, 3:17 PM - Saloni Edoofa created group "Alouis EWYL22E0462"
23/12/23, 1:13 PM - Saloni Edoofa added you
23/12/23, 2:10 PM - Saloni Edoofa: <Media omitted>
23/12/23, 2:10 PM - Saloni Edoofa: Kindly *confirm the date when we can resume our sessions next week*. Your prompt response will ensure a seamless continuation of our valuable discussions and activities.
23/12/23, 2:11 PM - Saloni Edoofa: Good evening _my proud edoofian and parents_!

On a very emotional, happy, and jolly note, I am happy to announce that it's time to roll up for our Christmas celebrations🎄. From tomorrow until Monday, our entire team will also be immersed in the festivities, celebrating this time with our families. 

I, your proud mentor, Ms. Saloni, want to wish you a Merry Christmas🎁. It would have been amazing if I were there with you in person, but I sincerely wish you all the happiness, love, joy, and cozy family time, and, yes, may all your wishes come true, just like mine did by having you as my wonderful student🥺♥️

Happy holidays! I am sure you are going to make the most of this time. 

And, wait, don't forget to share pictures of your celebration with me. 📸
27/1/24, 7:28 PM - Saloni Edoofa: Good day!
I hope you're doing well.

I know from the past few days, that I could not respond but allow me to share a story very close to my heart🫰🏻

I became a part of Edoofa almost two years back with initial thoughts on how my relationship would be, will I be a good mentor, or will I be able to think like my students, and so on. With these thoughts, I began my journey. Honestly speaking, I learned a lot each day, and yes, made some mistakes but I did not know that now there is going something that I will cherish for my lifetime, our bond. In this journey so far, I have guided more than 500 students, and beyond guidance I have made sure that I can create a transformation in their lives🌟
27/1/24, 7:28 PM - Saloni Edoofa: As an individual, I always believe that the learning process is life never ends and the more you learn, the better the guidance becomes, with a heavy heart, *I've chosen to immerse myself in higher education, and as a result, I'll be taking a step back from being your mentor🥺*
*You have a special place in my heart, and I am profoundly thankful for the honor of being your mentor*. Our journey doesn't end here; it merely takes a different course. I have full confidence in your continued success.

*I want to assure you that the Mentorship team will reach out to you soon to discuss the upcoming plan and ensure a seamless transition.*
All the best🫶🏻
2/2/24, 9:53 AM - Saloni Edoofa: *Hello Alouis, this is an official announcement from Team Edoofa*

 I'm certain you're at the initial stages of your University Admissions Process, sparking curiosity and excitement for your journey to India. Picture this: a chance to expedite your admissions, explore tailored financial plans, and delve into the program's offerings upon arrival, including learning opportunities, internships, industrial visits, and employment prospects. Doesn't that sound like an opportunity you wouldn't want to miss?

This groundbreaking event, with over 5000 participants, is unparalleled in Zimbabwe. Our meet & greet is set to be a unique experience, providing you with a platform to ask questions, fast-track your admission, and gain clarity about your journey to India.
2/2/24, 9:53 AM - Saloni Edoofa: I strongly advise bringing your parents and guardians; they play a vital role in your life journey and education decisions. As you're on the verge of starting your higher education, this event allows them to actively participate, understand the program, and witness the experiences of your senior Edoofians.

Prepare for this adventure! I'm genuinely thrilled that you'll be part of this phenomenal event!✨ -- *To secure your seats, kindly let us know how many seats shall be reserved for you.*
