21/12/23, 12:40 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
28/11/23, 3:53 PM - Sahil Edoofa Kam created group "Tatenda 2K23NOV2816R"
21/12/23, 12:39 PM - You joined using this group's invite link
16/1/24, 10:17 AM - Kirti Edoofa: Good morning Parents and Proud Edoofians,

I trust this message finds you in good health. As we step into the second week of January, I wanted to reach out and share an exciting milestone that India as a country achieved within the first week of 2024 - the successful India's Chandrayaan-3 Engine Test.
16/1/24, 10:17 AM - Kirti Edoofa: This accomplishment is responsible for the third lunar mission, aiming to land a rover on the Moon's south polar region and conduct scientific studies that could check Moon's viability to sustain life. It signifies a significant scientific advancement, laying the groundwork for future progress.
16/1/24, 10:17 AM - Kirti Edoofa: This achievement has not only pushed boundaries but also inspired young minds all over the world to pursue their dreams. On the same note, I wanted to extend my heartiest wishes for the New Year to you and your family and check in to see how you and your family started your year?
25/1/24, 11:56 AM - Kirti Edoofa: Good afternoon Parents and Tatenda,

I trust you are all well. I'm writing to follow up on the messages shared above. I noticed that you have not responded for a long time now since the international scholarship is once in a lifetime opportunity your lack of response has left a negative response on the student's application. 

Therefore, I am reaching out to you once more to inquire if you have had a chance to read my earlier message and to confirm whether we are still in communication.
2/2/24, 8:40 PM - Kirti Edoofa: Good evening parents and Tatenda,

I trust you're well. I'm following up regarding the message I shared with you. I was expecting a reply, but it seems my messages might not have been received.

Therefore, I'm reaching out today to check if you had a chance to review my previous message and to confirm if we are still in communication?
6/2/24, 9:15 PM - Kirti Edoofa: Good evening Parents and Tatenda,

I hope this message finds you well. I am Ms. Kirti, admissions officer here at Edoofa, filled with the same excitement that's buzzing here at Edoofa! It's that time of the year again when we eagerly anticipate our annual Meet and Greet Seminar in Harare. This event holds a special place in our hearts as it brings us closer to our community, and we're counting down the days with great anticipation!
6/2/24, 9:15 PM - Kirti Edoofa: Just like clockwork, we're gearing up for the seminar next week, and I couldn't resist sharing our enthusiasm with you. Your presence would truly make the event all the more meaningful, guiding you on your journey to India. Hence, with immense joy, we wanted to extend the special invitation for the Meet and Greet Seminar to you and your wonderful family.
6/2/24, 9:15 PM - Kirti Edoofa: And in the process of doing the same, I happened to notice that you haven't started your EWYL Program by now. In light of this, I had a discussion with Ms. Sanjana, the head of the EWYL Department, and I am happy to share that she has graciously agreed to make a special exception for you, expediting your application process.
6/2/24, 9:15 PM - Kirti Edoofa: As a result, I have gone ahead and created your very own dedicated EWYL Group - *Tatenda EWYL23E1013*, adding both you and your parents to the mix. If I have missed including any other family members, they can easily join using the following link: [https://chat.whatsapp.com/EKxBOwut3VZ6qH0naCL9WZ].

Within the group, the EWYL team will not only guide you on the hows and whens of the EWYL Program but also share all the exciting details about the upcoming Meet and Greet Seminar in Harare. We are genuinely thrilled to witness you embark on this transformative journey, and we are rooting for your success every step of the way!

Warmest regards,
Admissions Team.
