21/12/23, 2:58 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
25/7/23, 8:04 AM - ~ Kunal created group "Tashinga 2K23JUL0785"
21/12/23, 2:58 PM - You joined using this group's invite link
12/1/24, 6:05 PM - Kirti Edoofa: Good afternoon Parents and Tashinga,

I trust this message finds you in good health. As we step into the second week of January, I wanted to reach out and share an exciting milestone that India as a country achieved within the first week of 2024 - the successful India's Chandrayaan-3 Engine Test.
12/1/24, 6:05 PM - Kirti Edoofa: This accomplishment is responsible for the third lunar mission, aiming to land a rover on the Moon's south polar region and conduct scientific studies that could check Moon's viability to sustain life. It signifies a significant scientific advancement, laying the groundwork for future progress.
12/1/24, 6:06 PM - Kirti Edoofa: This achievement has not only pushed boundaries but also inspired young minds all over the world to pursue their dreams. On the same note, I wanted to extend my heartiest wishes for the New Year to you and your family and check in to see how you and your family started your year?
16/1/24, 12:30 PM - Kirti Edoofa: Good afternoon Parents and Proud Edoofians,

I trust this message finds you well, and I hope you are in high spirits. In recent days, our team has been actively engaging with students who aspire to join the university for the academic intake of August 2024. It has been truly heartening to witness the joy and enthusiasm expressed by some students upon receiving their A-Level results.

As I reflect on my school days, the memories of result days come rushing back - the blend of excitement and anticipation that surrounds such an important moment. It is a significant juncture that shapes the path course for one's academic journey.
16/1/24, 12:30 PM - Kirti Edoofa: We understand that you, too, must be experiencing a similar mix of emotions as you would have checked your A-Level results by now and would be wondering about the steps you are supposed to undertake for your university admission and your higher education. 

For us to guide you through, could you please share your A-Level results so that we can add them to your scholarship application, discuss them with the academic board, and guide you the way further?
30/1/24, 9:31 PM - Austin Edoofa Kam: Greetings Mrs Gladys and Tashinga, 
*I am Mr Austin, Senior Career Counsellor at Edoofa*
I hope you all are doing well

If you recall, I hosted your counselling and evaluation sessions, and you made me proud by qualifying for our prestigious Edoofa Scholarship Program. I received results from all my students, happy and exhilarating with joy. Recalling our interaction together after a frantic search for your name I ended up messaging you today. I understand your calibre and had a discussion with the Admissions Head and have decided to *personally look after your admission process so that we can proceed with your application on priority through the best possible opportunities and exposures with affordability.*

Hence, I request you to come online *at 8:30 am CAT tomorrow (31/01/2024)* and notify on this platform so that I can guide you ahead.
31/1/24, 8:49 AM - Austin Edoofa Kam: Good Morning to you all! 
I hope you are doing well

As scheduled yesterday, I am here to continue your session and guide you through the University registration process. 

Are you ready for the same?
2/2/24, 4:21 PM - Austin Edoofa Kam: Greetings to you all!
I trust I find you in good health

After a close evaluation of your application with my special recommendation considering the aspirations and skills of Tashinga, we have considered your application for *upto a 100% scholarship on tuition fees and full sponsorship on Accommodation*. Congratulations on this exemplary opportunity. At the same time, we would need you to be online at *8:30 am CAT tomorrow* to discuss the same in detail and further proceedings. Let us connect then and in the case of any challenges, do feel free to inform me.
2/2/24, 4:40 PM - Austin Edoofa Kam: <Media omitted>
