29/12/23, 7:39 AM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
23/11/22, 11:59 AM - Piiyush Edoofa created group "Michael 2K22NOV2426"
29/12/23, 7:39 AM - Piiyush Edoofa added you
30/12/23, 8:30 PM - Ashi Edoofa: Dear Parents and Michael ,

As we approach the end of the year, I want to take a moment to reflect on all that we have accomplished together. Despite the challenges you faced, you persevered and continued to learn and grow. I am so proud of you for your hard work and dedication towards your Higher Education. 

As we look ahead to the new year, I want to wish you all a very happy and healthy 2024. May this year bring you joy, success, and fulfillment in all that you do. May you continue to learn and grow, and may you never lose your passion for knowledge and discovery.
30/12/23, 8:30 PM - Ashi Edoofa: With this said, as you embark on new adventures please know that I am here to support you every step of the way. I would like to connect with you on Tuesday at 4:00 pm for the further discussion.  I look forward to continuing our journey together in the new year. Let us make 2024 a year of growth, learning, and discovery. 

Please confirm if this time is convenient for you. In the event that you are unavailable at this specific time, kindly provide your availability between 2:00 PM and 7:00 PM, and we can coordinate to schedule our session accordingly.
30/12/23, 8:30 PM - Ashi Edoofa: <Media omitted>
30/12/23, 8:30 PM - Ashi Edoofa: Wishing you all a Happy New Year. May it be filled with love, laughter, and endless possibilities.
2/1/24, 1:49 PM - Ashi Edoofa: Good Afternoon Parents and Michael ,

I hope this message finds you well. In regards to my previous messages, I wanted to share that I am looking forward for our discussion today regarding your admission journey. I am here at the scheduled time and am looking forward to our conversation. Please let me know if you are available for the discussion.

I am genuinely excited and eagerly awaiting your response.
16/1/24, 12:06 PM - Ashi Edoofa: Good Morning Parents and Michael,

I trust this message finds you well, and I hope you are in high spirits. In recent days, our team has been actively engaging with students who aspire to join the university for the academic intake of August 2024. It has been truly heartening to witness the joy and enthusiasm expressed by some students upon receiving their A-Level results.

As I reflect on my school days, the memories of result days come rushing back - the blend of excitement and anticipation that surrounds such an important moment. It is a significant juncture that shapes the path course for one's academic journey.
16/1/24, 12:06 PM - Ashi Edoofa: We understand that you, too, must be experiencing a similar mix of emotions as you would have checked your A-Level results by now and would be wondering about the steps you are supposed to undertake for your university admission and your higher education. 

For us to guide you through, could you please share your A-Level results so that we can add them to your scholarship application, discuss them with the academic board, and guide you the way further?
29/1/24, 9:01 AM - Piiyush Edoofa added Shubham Edoofa Kam
29/1/24, 9:21 AM - Piiyush Edoofa: Good Day, Michael

*I hope you remeber me, I was your, Senior Career Counsellor at Edoofa*

I hope you all are doing well

If you recall, I hosted your counselling and evaluation sessions, and you made me proud by qualifying for our prestigious Edoofa Scholarship Program. I received results from all my students, happy and exhilarating with joy. Recalling our interaction, I remembered that during our session you portrayed an enormous potential of becoming a leader of tomorrow. Hence I have asked my Colleague *Mr Shubham* to personally look after your admission process so that we can proceed with your application on priority. 

Hence I request you to come online and continue with your admission procedures. <This message was edited>
29/1/24, 4:28 PM - Shubham Edoofa Kam: I was expecting your response, but I can see that you were not able to attend the session due to reasons unknown to us, Please understand that the only way that I and My team will be able to assist you is with your cooperation and participation in these sessions, taking out 20-30 minutes from your daily life can truly transform your child's life, *Hence I have scheduled your session for tomorrow at 09:30 AM CAT* as my working hours are over for the day. If you have a query please write it down so that I can respond to it in the morning.
30/1/24, 8:46 AM - Shubham Edoofa Kam: Good morning!  let's draw inspiration from the timeless wisdom found in the Bible:

*"As the scriptures teach, knowledge is a steadfast companion. A person enlightened by wisdom is held in high regard across all realms. The brilliance of education surpasses the allure of beauty and the vigor of youth."*

May our journey of learning be guided by the profound teachings that echo through the ages. With positive energy, let's continue our interactive session and embrace the transformative power of education.
30/1/24, 5:59 PM - Shubham Edoofa Kam: <Media omitted>
