21/12/23, 12:32 PM - Messages and calls are end-to-end encrypted. No one outside of this chat, not even WhatsApp, can read or listen to them. Tap to learn more.
29/3/22, 3:53 PM - Sahil Edoofa Kam created group "Leslie 2K22MAR2275"
21/12/23, 12:32 PM - You joined using this group's invite link
20/1/24, 10:05 AM - Kirti Edoofa: Good Morning, Parents and Leslie ,

I hope this message finds you in good health and high spirits. It is a pleasure to reconnect with you today, and I am excited to share an important update with you.

Since our last discussion, the admissions team has been working diligently to process your scholarship application for universities in India under the Endowment plan. I am pleased to inform you that your application has been accepted by one of the leading universities, *PDM University* in India, and they have decided to offer you a scholarship.
20/1/24, 10:06 AM - Kirti Edoofa: The university will be mailing you the official offer letter shortly. However, since we received it in advance, we wanted to share this wonderful news with you and provide a head start on our discussions. I kindly request you to take your time to thoroughly review the letter. We will have a detailed discussion about its contents, Hence once you have gone through the letter please do let me know. 

In the meantime, I recommend that you make note of any questions or concerns that may arise as you review the letter. By setting a specific time, we can ensure that one of your family representatives will be available to connect with us.
20/1/24, 10:07 AM - Kirti Edoofa: This discussion will be an opportunity for me to assist you in gaining a better understanding of the remaining contents of your offer letter, addressing any queries you may have, and providing guidance on the requirements for the rest of your admission journey.

To start our discussion, please confirm once you have gone through the letter. Please note that we are available in the window from 1:00 PM to 04:00 PM, and we will arrange a suitable connection time accordingly.

Congratulations to you and your family! ⭐
20/1/24, 10:12 AM - Kirti Edoofa: <Media omitted>
24/1/24, 4:26 PM - Kirti Edoofa: Good afternoon parents and Leslie,

I hope this message finds you in good health. I wanted to check in following the message I sent previously. I haven't received a response yet and thought perhaps my message didn't reach you.

With that in mind, I'm reaching out again to see if you had the opportunity to go through my previous message and to ascertain if we are still connected with each other?
30/1/24, 6:40 PM - Kirti Edoofa: Good Evening, Parents and Leslie,

I hope this message finds you well and in high spirits. Over the past couple of days, I have been reaching out to you to discuss your offer letter from *PDM University* and to help you understand the next steps for your university admission journey. However, I have not been able to get any update from your end.
30/1/24, 6:42 PM - Kirti Edoofa: As you recognize, the Edoofa scholarship opportunity is highly competitive, with students from all over the world vying for the scholarship and you have been given a valuable chance to shape your future path.
30/1/24, 6:42 PM - Kirti Edoofa: If I know you well from our past discussions, this is not something you will lose out on easily. Hence, that is the reason, I am a bit worried because you have not connected with us over the past couple of days. I believe something must have been bothering you that has prevented you from connecting with us. Is my understanding correct?
